 The performance was enchanting, completely captivating, and so many different levels. From the beginning to the end, just hypnotizing. I feel better about the world. I feel uplifted. It touches you. It really does. Every American needs to see it. Thank you very much to the director and whoever created it is just amazing. I don't even know what astounding. I don't know another word to describe it. I'm the expertise of the dancers was really, really strong. The men, when they jump, they just popped right off the stage. So athletic and so flexible. The ladies how they moved was just floating on air and that was really special to see. Everyone moves as one person and I thought they executed that wonderfully. It was just gorgeous. And then the orchestra, it kept you in the show. And just to hear all of the Chinese instruments meshing so beautifully with the western instruments, it was so magical. To know that it was live music was really fantastic. The colors are so spectacular. The saturation of colors that contrast each other and the backgrounds are made to sort of amplify that. It makes you feel good just to see the image of it all unfold. The animation is fantastic. The screens and how the characters are animated come down and then all of a sudden they pop out. It's sort of transformed into this whole other plane. The music and the dance and just being able to see everything but the stories behind it and how they develop it without saying anything is just amazing. What you're seeing in Shen Yun is an educational experience. You get to learn a little bit about Mandarin. You get to learn a little bit about ethnicity, a little bit about culture. We're learning so much and being entertained all at the same time. You think you're just seeing movement and grace but you're actually getting a message that's stronger about how to live and how to be on this planet and it's not that complicated right to be kind, to be generous, to be compassionate. Shen Yun is trying to reestablish a brilliant, brilliant heritage of 5,000 years of culture, dance, music and costume. This is the real China and it's being suppressed. This is something that is to make people spiritual and to be the best possible versions of themselves and live in this enlightened way and you're persecuted for that and that was one of the things that really hit me from the performance. Bringing the heart of true China to the public. It was beautiful. It's just beautiful and you go away feeling with a smile in your heart from it. As somebody who's worked with major artists like I said, who's watched months and months of rehearsal come to fruition on stage, their execution has been perfect, absolutely outstanding. It's incredible. You cannot describe that in words you have to see it. Total is supported. We didn't want to miss this. Have to come. Life changing. Come see it. Make sure you see it. Make sure you see it. It's a must see show. It's a must see. It's a must see. Multiple times. Everyone should see this. We need this in our lives.